When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    For important data such as code, we are better off using a remote repository than keeping all work local. This pratice of employing a remote repository helps mitigates the risk of data loss. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It is extremly likely that many people/parties collabrate in large projects and therefore have access to the remote repository. Having Git automatically stay up-to-date with the remote may lead to too many commits being pulled than desired. Manually pulling changes from remote offers the discretion we want. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

    Branches are labels on commits to identify traceable paths and each commit tracks its parent(s). Branches operate within a repository but they can be pushed to and pulled from remote repositories.
    Clones operate on repositories both locally and remotely. If a repository is cloned from a remote, it the remote set up automatically by Git.
    Forks are more like clones than branches. They only operate within the context of GitHub, i.e. clones done on GitHub servers, and offer traceability and isolation.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally allows collaborators to work independently and promotes synchronicity.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    One of the naive ways of collaborating without Git or GitHub is to lock out the piece of code to change from people other than the assignees.
    Without Git or GitHub, making the actual change would be easier but back-tracking and version control is way harder. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
